README.md, before:

# iFSR Infoscreen for the office Raspberry Pi

[![githubissues](http://img.shields.io/github/issues/fsr/infoscreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/fsr/infoscreen/issues)

All new version 2.1! :sparkles:

This is the second iteration of the **iFSR Infoscreen** for the display in our office window which is still under development.


## Development Environment

If you want to work on this project, there are two possibilities:

### Using Vagrant

If you have [Vagrant](https://vagrantup.com) installed, simply run `vagrant up`
in the repository folder on your machine to get started. Vagrant will take care of installing all dependencies inside a VM.

If your VM is up and running, you can ssh into the machine using `vagrant ssh`.
Start the _Flask_ application (living in /home/vagrant/infoscreen/middleware) with the command:
```shell
$ python3 infoscreen.py vm
```
It's now accessible via [192.168.33.10:5000](http://192.168.33.10:5000) in your browser.  


The (temporary) backend of the Infoscreen lives inside of the VM at `/var/www/public`
and is accessible via [192.168.33.10/backend.php](http://192.168.33.10/backend.php).

`vagrant halt` stops the VM and `vagrant destroy` will remove all traces of the development environment.

You can work on the code right on your system, all folders are synced with the Virtual Machine and Flask reloads itself when a file is changed.

### The Old-Fashioned Way

1.  Make sure you have the latest version of [Python3](https://python.org) and pip installed.
2.  Install all dependencies using `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
3.  Run the Flask server from your terminal using:  
`$ python3 infoscreen.py dev`
4.  Access the application via [127.0.0.1:5000](http://127.0.0.1:5000).  

The backend requires a working webserver so you might have to install one on your PC or upload the `backend/` folder to a webhoster.



## Setting up the Infoscreen
For information to setting up the Infoscreen have a look into the [Wiki](https://github.com/fsr/infoscreen/wiki)

Commit message:

remove backend that is now integrated into the propaganda system

README.md, after:

# iFSR Infoscreen for the office Raspberry Pi

[![githubissues](http://img.shields.io/github/issues/fsr/infoscreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/fsr/infoscreen/issues)

All new version 2.1! :sparkles:

This is the second iteration of the **iFSR Infoscreen** for the display in our office window which is still under development.

## Development Environment

Please note, that the backend for the infoscreen has now been moved to the [Propaganda project](https://github.com/fsr/propaganda).

If you want to work on this project, there are two possibilities:

### Using Vagrant

If you have [Vagrant](https://vagrantup.com) installed, simply run `vagrant up`
in the repository folder on your machine to get started. Vagrant will take care of installing all dependencies inside a VM.

If your VM is up and running, you can ssh into the machine using `vagrant ssh`.
Start the _Flask_ application (living in /home/vagrant/infoscreen/middleware) with the command:
```shell
$ python3 infoscreen.py vm
```
It's now accessible via [192.168.33.10:5000](http://192.168.33.10:5000) in your browser.  


The (temporary) backend of the Infoscreen lives inside of the VM at `/var/www/public`
and is accessible via [192.168.33.10/backend.php](http://192.168.33.10/backend.php).

`vagrant halt` stops the VM and `vagrant destroy` will remove all traces of the development environment.

You can work on the code right on your system, all folders are synced with the Virtual Machine and Flask reloads itself when a file is changed.

### The Old-Fashioned Way

1.  Make sure you have the latest version of [Python3](https://python.org) and pip installed.
2.  Install all dependencies using `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
3.  Run the Flask server from your terminal using:  
`$ python3 infoscreen.py dev`
4.  Access the application via [127.0.0.1:5000](http://127.0.0.1:5000).  

The backend requires a working webserver so you might have to install one on your PC or upload the `backend/` folder to a webhoster.



## Setting up the Infoscreen
For information to setting up the Infoscreen have a look into the [Wiki](https://github.com/fsr/infoscreen/wiki)
